When it comes to my approach for designing software I usually code in small chunks of code and test that it works as I go. While I have coded many programs in the past, the design skills I learned in this class I feel challenged me the most but also taught me the most. Working with 3D objects I had to learn how to look at my code in a whole new light literally. The process I followed was along the same as im used to by coding in small chunks however for this project I was running the program for each time I turned an object or scaled an object so I was running what at times felt after each line I wrote instead of writing whole functions and then testing. When it comes to my approach throughout the milestones, all that changed was the amount of time I spent running the overall code. Also once I used a few shapes I was able to copy and paste them instead of writing each one over and over since all I was doing was changing the scaling on things I already created. When it comes to how computer science can help me reach my goals it will help me immensely since im wanting a job as a programmer. It will also help because it forces you to think in new ways depending on what project your working on so it really teaches you how to think and adapt to situations. I think computational graphics and visualizations really taught me how to think about a 3D environment so it will help if I ever decide to make games at some point.



IMPORTANT!!!
place textures in a folder called Utilities and place that folder aloing with the sln file and the vcxproj file in a folder called 7-1_FinalProjectMilestones. Due to Githubs small limit on file uploads I had to zip things seperately like this for all the files to fit.
